Improve clarity and usability of README for first-time Howitz users (#86)
Uninett/Howitz: README.rst

Howitz - Zino web client with HTMx and Flask
============================================

Running Howitz step-by-step overview
====================================

1. Preparation step:
    1. Make sure you have ``python3``, ``pip`` and ``git`` installed.
    2. Download Howitz from the `GitHub repo <https://github.com/Uninett/Howitz>`_.

2. Installation step:
    1. Create and activate `venv`, from the project root folder run::

        $ python3 -m venv howitzvenv
        $ source howitzvenv/bin/activate

    2. Install dependencies, from the project root folder run::

        $ pip install -e .

    Read more about installation in the `Install safely`_ section.

3. Configuration step:
    The easiest way to configure Howitz is via a ``toml`` file.

    1. Create an empty ``.howitz.toml`` file in the project root folder.

>     2. Copy the values from the example config file ``dev-howitz.toml`` to ``.howitz.toml``.

Reviewer: This file includes a lot of setup of debug logging, which isn't normally necessary unless you are working as a developer on Howitz.  I found it quite confusing that running `flask -app howitz user list` outputs a bunch of DEBUG and INFO log statements before it actually lists my defined users in plaintext...

Reviewer 2: I haven't found a good way to mute the logging that happens on startup unfortunately. Maybe we should ship a default logging config that does that, or use a flag to explicitly turn it on.

1. Preparation step:
    1. Make sure you have ``python3``, ``pip`` and ``git`` installed.

>     2. Download Howitz from the `GitHub repo <https://github.com/Uninett/Howitz>`_.

Reviewer: I think the first version of the link text was more descriptive (i.e. it contains the keyword `Howitz`, which is good for the search engines, you know)

options. It is also possible to override logging by setting "HOWITZ_LOGGING" to
a string of a Python dict but we do not recommend it, use a config file instead.

The refresh interval for the events table can be changed by adding for example ``refresh_interval = 10`` to
the ``[howitz]``-section or setting the environment variable ``HOWITZ_REFRESH_INTERVAL`` to a new value.

> Refresh interval values are in seconds and must be integers. The default value is ``5`` seconds.

Reviewer: Question: After the NTIE PR was merged, I hope refresh interval refers to often HTMX is set to poll the Howitz backend for NTIE updates, not to an interval of full table refreshes?

options. It is also possible to override logging by setting "HOWITZ_LOGGING" to
a string of a Python dict but we do not recommend it, use a config file instead.

> The refresh interval value specifies the frequency with which Howitz checks the Zino server for updates on events in the table. This value can be modified by adding, for example, ``refresh_interval = 10`` to

Reviewer: I think this wording will be even more easily misunderstood than the original.

NTIE-based refresh doesn't really *check* with the Zino server.  The Howitz backend has an open notification channel to Zino, so what's really happening here is just that the loaded webpage refreshes from the Howitz server, which returns any changes received from the Zino notification channel.

Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
The refresh interval value specifies the frequency with which the Howitz web page asks the Howitz web server whether the Zino server has sent notifications about updated events. This value can be modified by adding, for example, ``refresh_interval = 10`` to
```

Reviewer: Of course, this word salad could keep being mixed forever - it's hard to explain without giving a full primer on the Zino architecture :laughing:

Reviewer: fine by me - let's get it out there!

For development, copy the contents of the included file ``dev-howitz.toml`` to ``.howitz.toml`` in the same directory.

1. Set ``[flask] -> SECRET_KEY`` to some long string.
2. Set ``[zino.connections.default] -> server`` to the address of a Zino 1 server.
3. Optionally set ``[zino.connections.other] -> server`` to the address of a fallback Zino
   1 server. If the default server stops working you can swap "other" with
   "default" in the config-file and keep on working. If you don't set it to
   anything, keep it commented out or remove it.

> There's a handler ``debug`` that will copy everything DEBUG or higher to a file

Reviewer 2: Better: "As for logging, there is a handler"..
